Update draft-pauly-httpbis-geoip-hint.md (#263)
tfpauly/privacy-proxy: draft-pauly-httpbis-geoip-hint.md

    name: David Schinazi
    organization: Google LLC
    email: dschinazi.ietf@gmail.com
 -
    ins: C. McMullin
    name: Ciara McMullin
    organization: Google LLC
    email: ciaramcmullin@google.com
 -
    ins: D. Mitchell
    name: Dustin Mitchell
    organization: Google LLC
    email: djmitche@gmail.com
--- abstract

> The rise of IP-hiding technologies such as VPNs and proxies helps improve user
> privacy, but it also brings some drawbacks. Maintaining a geographically
> relevant user experience requires large pools of IP addresses, which can
> be costly. Additionally, users often receive inaccurate geolocation
> results because servers rely on geo-IP feeds that can be outdated. To
> address these challenges, we can allow clients to actively send their
> network geolocation directly to the origin server via an HTTP Client
> Hint. This approach will not only enhance geolocation accuracy and reduce IP
> costs, but it also gives clients more transparency regarding their perceived
> geolocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Techniques that improve user privacy by hiding original client IP addresses,
such as VPNs and proxies, have faced challenges with server that rely on
IP addresses to determine client location. Maintaining a geographically
relevant user experience requires large pools of IP addresses, which can
be costly. Additionally, users often receive inaccurate geolocation
results because servers rely on geo-IP feeds that can be outdated. To
address these challenges, we can allow clients to actively send their
network geolocation directly to the origin server via an HTTP Client
Hint. This approach will not only enhance geolocation accuracy and reduce IP
costs, but it also gives clients more transparency regarding their perceived
geolocation.
```

# Introduction {#introduction}

HTTP Client Hints {{!RFC8942}} defines a convention for HTTP headers to
communicate optional information from clients to servers as hints. This
can be done conditionally based on whether a server claims to support a
particular hint. A server can request hints by listing them in the
Accept-CH response header.

This document defines a client hint that can be used to send a
geolocation entry based on the client's determined location. This
location can be used to influence server behavior, such as by causing
the server to return responses relevant to the client's location. The
format of the geolocation hint is the same as that defined for IP
geolocation feeds in {{!GEOFEED=RFC8805}}. It only allows for
coarse-level location specification.

This header aims to provide rough geolocation hints to servers based on
the client’s network location, shifting geolocation from a passive
IP-based approach to an active client-controlled one. This not only
allows the client to influence how their location is interpreted, but
it also reduces the need for extensive IP address pools when clients
mask their IP addresses through VPNs or proxies. Typically, VPN or proxy

> providers need to purchase egress IPs for each region to maintain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
providers need to manage egress IPs for each region to maintain
```

    name: David Schinazi
    organization: Google LLC
    email: dschinazi.ietf@gmail.com
 -
    ins: C. McMullin
    name: Ciara McMullin
    organization: Google LLC
    email: ciaramcmullin@google.com
 -
    ins: D. Mitchell
    name: Dustin Mitchell
    organization: Google LLC
    email: djmitche@gmail.com
--- abstract

> The rise of IP-hiding technologies like VPNs and proxies helps improve user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The rise of IP-hiding technologies such as VPNs and proxies helps improve user
```

privacy, but it also brings some drawbacks. Maintaining a geographically
relevant user experience requires large pools of IP addresses, which can
be costly. Additionally, users often receive inaccurate geolocation
results because servers rely on geo-IP feeds that can be outdated. To
address these challenges, we can allow clients to actively send their
network geolocation directly to the origin server via an HTTP Client
Hint. This approach will not only enhance geolocation accuracy and reduce IP

> costs, but it also gives clients more say and transparency regarding

Reviewer 2: Do we really want to keep the part about the client having a say? That takes us into the policy space and I worry that this will complicate discussions by moving them away from the technical realm

Author: I actually think it's important to say this since we are trying to emphasize the shift from passive to active fingerprinting here. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: In that case I'd drop "say" and keep "transparency"

```suggestion
costs, but it also gives clients more transparency regarding
```

Author: Removed "say".

their perceived geolocation.

--- middle

# Introduction {#introduction}

HTTP Client Hints {{!RFC8942}} defines a convention for HTTP headers to
communicate optional information from clients to servers as hints. This

> can be done conditionally based on if a server claims to support a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can be done conditionally based on whether a server claims to support a
```

Accept-CH response header.

This document defines a client hint that can be used to send a
geolocation entry based on the client's determined location. This
location can be used to influence server behavior, such as by causing
the server to return responses relevant to the client's location. The
format of the geolocation hint is the same as that defined for IP
geolocation feeds in {{!GEOFEED=RFC8805}}. It only allows for
coarse-level location specification.

This header aims to provide rough geolocation hints to servers based on
the client’s network location, shifting geolocation from a passive
IP-based approach to an active client-controlled one. This not only
allows the client to influence how their location is interpreted, but
it also reduces the need for extensive IP address pools when clients
mask their IP addresses through VPNs or proxies. Typically, VPN or proxy
providers need to purchase egress IPs for each region to maintain
accurate geolocation. With a client-provided location hint, the hint can
minimize the number of IP addresses needed while still supporting
location-specific content such as weather, local news, and search

> results. In addition, the hint reduces reliance on geo-IP

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
results. In addition, the hint reduces most servers' reliance on geo-IP
```

feeds that often come with limitations such as outdated
IP-to-location mappings and ongoing maintenance costs.

> The client MUST determine geolocation via a cooperating server
> that performs a geo-IP database lookup of the client's IP address.
> Geolocation MUST NOT be derived from GPS or any method that
> provides more specificity than the information obtainable from the
> client's IP address.

Reviewer 2: One of the conventions in RFCs is to not duplicate normative language (MUST/SHOULD/etc). Since we already have the MUST in the Client Behavior section, I would use prose here instead

```suggestion
The client determines geolocation via a cooperating server
that performs a geo-IP database lookup of the client's IP address.
```

> This draft doesn’t eliminate the need for IP-based geolocation, but adds an

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I understand this sentence: the clause after the "but" seems unrelated to the one before

Author: Yeah I think we were trying to say we still need IP-based geolocation and this draft is not trying to get rid of it. With the different updates though I think this sentence isn't necessary anymore. I removed it!

--- abstract

> This document defines an HTTP Client Hint that allows the client to

Reviewer 2: I think this abstract would be more powerful if we reversed the order to be (1) problem then (2) solution.

So something that paraphrases to "We're doing a lot more IP-hiding to improve privacy these days, but that costs a lot of IPs and also users often get bad geo results so users are sad. We fix this by sending the geo from client to origin. We accomplish that with a client hint"

Author: I rephrased the introduction to reflect this. LMK what you think!

--- abstract

This document defines an HTTP Client Hint that allows the client to

> share its location, reducing the need for destination servers to map IP

Reviewer: Saying "share its location" can sound a bit scary

```suggestion
share information about its network geolocation, reducing the need for destination servers to map IP
```

> ranges to locations. By actively providing their location, clients gain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ranges to locations. By actively providing this hint, clients gain
```

> greater influence and transparency regarding their geolocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
greater influence and transparency regarding their perceived geolocation.
```

> Additionally, when IP-hiding technologies like VPNs or proxies are
> used, servers can still deliver geographically relevant experiences
> without relying on large IP address pools to cover regional areas or
> costly third-party GeoFeeds, which can be outdated and inaccurate at
> times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, when clients use IP-hiding technologies like VPNs or
proxies, servers can still deliver geographically-relevant content
without relying on large pools of IP addresses and geo-IP feeds that
can be outdated and inaccurate.
```

--- middle

# Introduction {#introduction}

HTTP Client Hints {{!RFC8942}} defines a convention for HTTP headers to
communicate optional information from clients to servers as hints. This
can be done conditionally based on if a server claims to support a
particular hint. A server requests hints by listing them in the

> Accept-CH response header, or via other methods such as ALPS or

Reviewer: If you include ALPS, it would need a reference. But ALPS is not something that's actually adopted anywhere right now from what I know, so I wouldn't reference it at all.

Reviewer 2: +1, I would just skip ALPS, mainly because ALPS failed at IETF and we don't want to be associated with that

Author: Got it removed!

ACCEPT_CH frames.

This document defines a client hint that can be used to send a
geolocation entry based on the client's determined location. This
location can be used to influence server behavior, such as by causing
the server to return responses relevant to the client's location. The

> format of the geolocation entry is the same as that defined for IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
format of the geolocation hint is the same as that defined for IP
```

geolocation feeds in {{!GEOFEED=RFC8805}}. It only allows for
coarse-level location specification.

This header aims to provide rough geolocation hints to servers based on

> the client’s determined location, shifting geolocation from a passive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the client’s network location, shifting geolocation from a passive
```

IP-based approach to an active client-controlled one. This not only
allows the client to influence how their location is interpreted, but
it also reduces the need for extensive IP address pools when clients

> mask their IP addresses through VPNs or proxies. Typically, VPN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mask their IP addresses through VPNs or proxies. Typically, VPN or proxy
```

providers need to purchase egress IPs for each region to maintain

> accurate geolocation. With client-determined location, the hint can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accurate geolocation. With a client-provided location hint, the hint can
```

minimize the number of IP addresses needed while still supporting

> location-based services such as weather, local news, and search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
location-specific content such as weather, local news, and search
```

> results. In addition, the hint reduces reliance on third-party
> GeoFeeds which often come with limitations such as outdated
> IP-to-location mappings and ongoing maintenance costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
results. In addition, the hint reduces reliance on geo-IP
feeds that often come with limitations such as outdated
IP-to-location mappings and ongoing maintenance costs.
```

The mechanism by which the client determines its geolocation is beyond
the scope of this document. However, the geolocation should still be

> derived from the IP address.

Reviewer: This seems like a problem to be totally out of scope. I'd be tempted to leave a TODO here to explain that safe bounds need to be put on this determination.

Reviewer 2: I think this is going to be the main sticking point, so I would resolve it this week. We can say that the hint MUST be determined by a cooperating server looking up the client's IP in a geoIP database. GPS MUST NOT be used. Otherwise we'll get the same opposition we got last time due to privacy concerns

> This draft doesn’t eliminate the need for IP Geolocation, but adds an

Reviewer: What do you mean by this? What would it mean to eliminate the need? Do you mean for geo-IP feeds?

Author: This was removed. Resolving comment!

> additional source of information for many use cases. See [Security
> Considerations] for more discussion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
additional source of information for many use cases. See {{sec-considerations}}
 for more discussion.
```

    Sec-CH-IP-Geo = "US,US-AL,Alabaster"
~~~

Given that the Sec-CH-IP-Geo is a high-entropy client hint, meaning it is
a client hint that is not in the low-entropy hint table, the server
MUST explicitly opt-in to receive the Geo Client Hint as defined in

> {{?RFC8942}}. It will not be sent by default and the server MAY

Reviewer 2: The `?` means informative reference, but we want a normative reference. Those are represented with `!` but that's already done on line 43, so just reference without either `?` nor `!`

```suggestion
{{RFC8942}}. It will not be sent by default and the server MAY
```

indicate support for this hint via the Accept-CH header in the
initial response:

~~~
    Accept-CH: Sec-CH-IP-Geo
~~~

Servers SHOULD indicate for any cacheable content if the geo hints
will influence the cached content, using the 'Vary' header. This will
indicate that the server may have used this header as a determining
factor when choosing a response:

~~~
    Vary: Sec-CH-IP-Geo
~~~

# Client Behavior

If possible, the client SHOULD specify their geolocation. If location

> is not available, the client MAY send a default value or none at all.

Reviewer 2: I don't see the value of a default value. We should either explain it or remove it

How the default value is determined is outside the scope of this
document. However, the default value MUST NOT be more precise or
detailed than what could be inferred from the user’s IP address.

The client MAY include the client hint in requests to the server after
the server has explicitly opted in to receiving the hint, or if the
client knows of specific server configurations, such as proxy
settings, that support including the hint.

# Server Behavior

Upon receiving a Geolocation Client Hint, a server can use the
information to influence its behavior in various ways, such as
determining the content of HTTP responses.

Servers can choose to use the hint value in one of several ways,
including:

- Using the client hint information instead of consulting IP-based
geolocation feeds.
- Serving content that corresponds to the client’s indicated location,
including delivering region-specific news, weather forecasts, and
relevant advertisements.

> - Determining service availability and feature access based on the

Reviewer 2: We definitely don't want this one. That would allow clients to work around laws that limit availability. We should instead say to not do this

Author: Ah yes removed. Thanks!

client’s indicated location.

The server MUST be able to handle situations where geolocation is

> not provided in a request. Since not all web clients, such as curl,

Reviewer 2: No need to single out curl, its author might not be too happy about that

Author: Removed.

will send a Geolocation Client, the server MAY defer to alternative
methods such as IP-based geolocation feeds to provide said value.

If the server is acting as a forward proxy, such as a CONNECT proxy,
it can use the hint to determine an appropriate geo-mapped IP address
to use for outbound connections, or a client subnet to present in the

> EDNS0 Client Subnet extension for DNS queries {{?RFC6891}}

Reviewer 2: This text predates this PR, but seems odd to me. @tfpauly what was the point of this? Do you use it? It seems to be quite backwards to go from geo to IP for client subnet. It even seems harmful because you want your DNS to match your data-plane egress, not your actual physical location

Reviewer: We can probably remove this. I think it is part of an older version.

Author: Removed this!

{{?RFC7871}}.

# Security Considerations {#sec-considerations}

> The use of the Geolocation Client Hint MUST use the `Sec-` header

Reviewer 2: This MUST seems redundant. This document specifies a header that uses the Sec- prefix. How could someone use this without it?

Author: I believe this also comes from @tfpauly previous draft.

Reviewer 2: Makes sense. Let's still remove it though

Author: I was looking at https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8942.html#name-deployment-and-security-ris and it seems like it may be important to say this based on "Using the "Sec-" prefix signals to servers that the user agent -- and not application content -- generated the values." I'm fine with removing it though. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Yeah let's remove it. It's important that we choose a header that starts with "Sec-" but once we've done that we don't need to say anything about it

Author: Ok done!

prefix as recommended in {{!RFC8942}}.

Servers MUST NOT use Geolocation Client Hints for making security or
access-control decisions, as the value is provided by the client with
no additional authentication. The hint is intended only to be used

> for greater user visibility and say over their geolocation.

Reviewer 2: I think we should stay away from user visibility and say. The intent here isn't to allow the human user to control this

    Sec-CH-IP-Geo = "US,US-AL,Alabaster"
~~~

> Given that the Sec-CH-Geo is a high-entropy client hint, meaning it is

Reviewer 3: The examples here include `IP-` in the header name, but the text does not. Since the draft emphasizes that the client should determine the location from its own IP, maybe it makes sense to keep the header name `Sec-CH-IP-Geo`. I don't have strong opinions, and it's probably too early for long discussion on the topic, but the draft should at least be consistent.

a client hint that is not in the low-entropy hint table, the server
MUST explicitly opt-in to receive the Geo Client Hint as defined in
{{?RFC8942}}. It will not be sent by default and the server MAY
indicate support for this hint via the Accept-CH header in the
initial response:

~~~
    Accept-CH: Sec-CH-IP-Geo
~~~

Servers SHOULD indicate for any cacheable content if the geo hints
will influence the cached content, using the 'Vary' header. This will
indicate that the server may have used this header as a determining
factor when choosing a response:

~~~
    Vary: Sec-CH-IP-Geo
~~~

# Client Behavior

> If possible, the client SHOULD specify their geolocation. If location

Reviewer: ...based on what? This seems pretty vague.

Reviewer: I would say that if they don't have a way to know their external IP granularity, they SHOULD NOT include any value.

Reviewer 2: Then we'd need to define what granularity means. Probably best to be more strict here, and use the normative text I mentioned above
* MUST determine geo using cooperating server and geoIP DB
* client MUST NOT use GPS
* client MAY send this header to servers

Author: I updated to reflect this. LMK what you think. Thanks!

Upon receiving a Geolocation Client Hint, a server can use the
information to influence its behavior in various ways, such as
determining the content of HTTP responses.

Servers can choose to use the hint value in one of several ways,
including:

- Using the client hint information instead of consulting IP-based
geolocation feeds.
- Serving content that corresponds to the client’s indicated location,
including delivering region-specific news, weather forecasts, and
relevant advertisements.
- Determining service availability and feature access based on the
client’s indicated location.

The server MUST be able to handle situations where geolocation is
not provided in a request. Since not all web clients, such as curl,
will send a Geolocation Client, the server MAY defer to alternative
methods such as IP-based geolocation feeds to provide said value.

If the server is acting as a forward proxy, such as a CONNECT proxy,
it can use the hint to determine an appropriate geo-mapped IP address
to use for outbound connections, or a client subnet to present in the
EDNS0 Client Subnet extension for DNS queries {{?RFC6891}}
{{?RFC7871}}.

# Security Considerations {#sec-considerations}

> The use of the Geolocation Client Hint MUST use the Sec- header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of the Geolocation Client Hint MUST use the `Sec-` header
```

prefix as recommended in {{!RFC8942}}.

Servers MUST NOT use Geolocation Client Hints for making security or
access-control decisions, as the value is provided by the client with
no additional authentication. The hint is intended only to be used
for greater user visibility and say over their geolocation.

# Privacy Considerations {#privacy}

Any default value provided in this hint MUST NOT be more specific than
the information that could be obtained from the client's IP address
and a well-maintained map of IP ranges to locations. In particular,
when a privacy technology such as a VPN is in use, the default value
MUST NOT reveal information about the user's location that would
otherwise be hidden.

To prevent disclosing private information, this value MUST NOT be
based on other sources of geolocation data, such as physical latitude

> and longitude coordinates. Providing overly precise location

Reviewer: Maybe mention GPS here

Author: Done.

When the client is routing traffic through a proxy or a VPN, the
IP address used to generate this geolocation hint MUST be an
address that is presented upstream beyond the proxy or VPN
(in other words, the "egress IP address"). The proxy or VPN's
selection of this egress IP address MAY have been based on
the client's original un-proxied IP address, but any hints that
the client presents to servers beyond a proxy or VPN MUST NOT
reveal more geolocation information that would be possible to
determine from looking up information about the egress IP address
itself.

The client MAY include the client hint header in requests to the
server after the server has explicitly opted in to receiving the
hint, or if the client knows of specific server configurations,
such as proxy settings, that support including the hint.

# Server Behavior

Upon receiving a Geolocation Client Hint, a server can use the
information to influence its behavior in various ways, such as
determining the content of HTTP responses.

Servers can choose to use the hint value in one of several ways,
including:

- Using the client hint information instead of consulting IP-based

> geolocation feeds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
geolocation feeds.
- Recognizing a mismatch between the client hint information and the server's
current result from its IP-based geolocation feed as a reason to schedule an
automatic refresh of its geolocation feed information. This can help ensure that
changes to feeds are adopted quickly, improving results for clients that don't
send the client hint.
```

including:

- Using the client hint information instead of consulting IP-based
geolocation feeds.
- Recognizing a mismatch between the client hint information and the server's
current result from its IP-based geolocation feed as a reason to schedule an
automatic refresh of its geolocation feed information. This can help ensure that
changes to feeds are adopted quickly, improving results for clients that don't
send the client hint.
- Serving content that corresponds to the client’s indicated location,
including delivering region-specific news, weather forecasts, and
relevant advertisements.

The server MUST be able to handle situations where geolocation is
not provided in a request. Since not all web clients will send a 
Geolocation Client Hint, the server MAY defer to alternative methods 
such as IP-based geolocation feeds to provide said value.

# Security Considerations {#sec-considerations}

Servers MUST NOT use Geolocation Client Hints for security or
access-control decisions, as the value is provided by the client
without additional authentication or verification. Servers that
offer services restricted to clients in a specific country or

> administrative region must rely on geoIP databases to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
administrative region might already rely on geoIP databases to
```

determine the client's location for access control purposes.
However, the Geolocation Client Hint can be used to customize
responses based on where the client claims to be within that
restricted region.

# Privacy Considerations {#privacy}

Any value provided in this hint MUST NOT be more specific than the
information that could be obtained from the client's IP address and
a well-maintained map of IP ranges to locations. In particular,
when a privacy technology such as a VPN is in use, the value MUST
NOT reveal information about the user's location that would
otherwise be hidden.

To prevent disclosing private information, this value cannot be
based on other sources of geolocation data, such as GPS or physical 
latitude and longitude coordinates. Providing overly precise location
information could expose sensitive user information especially when
combined with other identifiable signals. Furthermore, when a client
designates a location different from that derived from their IP

> address, the combination of designated location and IP may create a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
address, the combination of designated location and IP can create a
```

    Sec-CH-IP-Geo = "US,US-AL,Alabaster"
~~~

Given that the Sec-CH-IP-Geo is a high-entropy client hint (i.e.,
a client hint that is not in the low-entropy hint table), the server
needs to explicitly opt-in in order to receive the Geo Client Hint as defined in
{{RFC8942}}. It will not be sent by default and the server MAY
indicate support for this hint via the Accept-CH header in the
initial response:

~~~
    Accept-CH: Sec-CH-IP-Geo
~~~

Servers SHOULD indicate for any cacheable content if the geo hints
will influence the cached content, using the 'Vary' header. This will
indicate that the server may have used this header as a determining
factor when choosing a response:

~~~
    Vary: Sec-CH-IP-Geo
~~~

# Client Behavior
 
The client MUST determine geolocation using a cooperating server
that looks up the client's IP address in a geo-IP database. The client
MUST NOT use GPS. The client hint value MUST NOT be more precise

> or detailed than what can be inferred from the user’s IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or detailed than what can be inferred from the user’s IP address.
When the client is routing traffic through a proxy or a VPN, the
IP address used to generate this geolocation hint MUST be an
address that is presented upstream beyond the proxy or VPN
(in other words, the "egress IP address"). The proxy or VPN's
selection of this egress IP address MAY have been based on
the client's original un-proxied IP address, but any hints that
the client presents to servers beyond a proxy or VPN MUST NOT
reveal more geolocation information that would be possible to
determine from looking up information about the egress IP address
itself.
```

    Sec-CH-IP-Geo = "US,US-AL,Alabaster"
~~~

> Given that the Sec-CH-IP-Geo is a high-entropy client hint, meaning it is
> a client hint that is not in the low-entropy hint table, the server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Given that the Sec-CH-IP-Geo is a high-entropy client hint (i.e.,
a client hint that is not in the low-entropy hint table), the server
```

> MUST explicitly opt-in to receive the Geo Client Hint as defined in

Reviewer 2: As written, this MUST tells all servers to opt-in, but that's not what we want.
```suggestion
needs to explicitly opt-in in order to receive the Geo Client Hint as defined in
```

{{RFC8942}}. It will not be sent by default and the server MAY
indicate support for this hint via the Accept-CH header in the
initial response:

~~~
    Accept-CH: Sec-CH-IP-Geo
~~~

Servers SHOULD indicate for any cacheable content if the geo hints
will influence the cached content, using the 'Vary' header. This will
indicate that the server may have used this header as a determining
factor when choosing a response:

~~~
    Vary: Sec-CH-IP-Geo
~~~

# Client Behavior
 
The client MUST determine geolocation using a cooperating server
that looks up the client's IP address in a geo-IP database. The client
MUST NOT use GPS. The client hint value MUST NOT be more precise
or detailed than what can be inferred from the user’s IP address.

> If the client cannot determine how much information its external

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what this requirement means, how do we quantify information?

Author: @tfpauly suggested this change in a previous comment - Tommy could you elaborate here?

Reviewer 2: I think that Tommy's comment was before we decided to force the use of a cooperating server. I would just remove this sentence now

IP address may reveal, they SHOULD NOT include any value.

> The client MAY append the client hint header in requests to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The client MAY include the client hint header in requests to the
```

server after the server has explicitly opted in to receiving the
hint, or if the client knows of specific server configurations,
such as proxy settings, that support including the hint.

# Server Behavior

Upon receiving a Geolocation Client Hint, a server can use the
information to influence its behavior in various ways, such as
determining the content of HTTP responses.

Servers can choose to use the hint value in one of several ways,
including:

- Using the client hint information instead of consulting IP-based
geolocation feeds.
- Serving content that corresponds to the client’s indicated location,
including delivering region-specific news, weather forecasts, and
relevant advertisements.

The server MUST be able to handle situations where geolocation is
not provided in a request. Since not all web clients will send a 
Geolocation Client Hint, the server MAY defer to alternative methods 
such as IP-based geolocation feeds to provide said value.

# Security Considerations {#sec-considerations}

The use of the Geolocation Client Hint MUST use the `Sec-` header
prefix as recommended in {{!RFC8942}}.

> Servers MUST NOT use Geolocation Client Hints for making security or

Reviewer 2: Should we also mention the country portion here. Perhaps: "Servers that only offer services to clients that appear to be in a given country or administrative region still need to rely on a geoIP database to determine the region for access control purposes, but they can use the client hint to customize the response to where the client claims to be inside that region."

Author: Added!

access-control decisions, as the value is provided by the client with
no additional authentication.

# Privacy Considerations {#privacy}

> Any default value provided in this hint MUST NOT be more specific than

Reviewer 2: Since we removed the default value from above, let's remove it from here too

Author: Done.

the information that could be obtained from the client's IP address
and a well-maintained map of IP ranges to locations. In particular,
when a privacy technology such as a VPN is in use, the default value
MUST NOT reveal information about the user's location that would
otherwise be hidden.

> To prevent disclosing private information, this value MUST NOT be

Reviewer 2: Similar to above, let's use prose here to avoid repeating the normative text form the Client Behavior section

```suggestion
To prevent disclosing private information, this value cannot be
```
